Introduce yourself
Explain your FYP

OOP:
What do you know about Polymorphism?
How much you have knowledge about OOP and DSA concepts.

DSA:
Why we need data structures?
Which is the fastet sorting algorithm, you know? Merge sort and QuickSort which is best?
There is a linkedlist consist of nodes. 
struct Node{
	int data;
	Node * next;
	Node * bottom;
}
Each node has 2 pointers, next pointer and bottom pointer.
You are given a head of the linked list, you need to find the sum of data of all the nodes.
e.g:
1->1->1->1
   |
   1->1->1->1
     	 |
 	 1->1->1->1->-1
	 |
	 1->1
         |
	 1
	 |
	 1->1->1
	    |
            1

Product of Array except itself
write a function f(A*, B*, size) which receive two arrays and size of array,
you need to populate the Array A in B in such a way that, B element contain the product of all the elements of A exluding ith element itself.
Time complexity = bigO(N)
if A = {1,3,2,5}, then B = {30, 10, 15, 6} 

Analytical:
You are given a cake, you need to divide the cake into 8 pieces into 3 attempts. How you will do this?
Two trains are moving towards each other with a speed of 80KM/h. 
There is a distance of 180km between them. There is a bird on the front side of first train 
which move towards second train and return back
when the bird reached the front of the second train. The bird speed is 70km/h. 
What will be the total distance covered by the bird when both trains will collide.

Database:
What is Indexing? Why we use indexing? Types of indexing?
Cluster vs non cluster indexing?
He gave me example of 3 list of index and ask me how index will map for these list.
What is use of group function in DB, why we need group explain group with example?
Explain all the joins, inner join, outer join, left outer join, right outer join with the examples. 
What is stored procedure?
What is transaction, what are the benefit to use transactions in database. Transaction Rules.
What is normalization. 
ERD:
You have a social media application. In which user can add posts.
Now, you need to add a feature of comment on the post. Multiple users can write comment on multiple posts. 
How you add this functionality. 
Now, also add the feature of reply, where multiple user can write multiple reply in post of multiple users.

Draw an ERD for quiz management, Each quiz contain quiz name, quiz start time, quiz totat time, and list of questions and student answer.
Question is a MCQs based, Question has statement and 4 options and 1 answer.
Each quiz can contain multiple questions, and each question can be used in multiple quizzez.
Student can attempt the quiz and write answer for each question of quiz.
Write a query which display the quiz name, all the question statement of the quiz and student answer.
DSA
i-  move zeroes to right side of the array
ii- rotate an array one time without change even indexes
iii- 3rd highest number from array in single loop
iv-  Check palindrom in linklist(single link list)
v-   find middle node in link list in one go(single link list)
vi-  if you are in middle of node(single link list), so delete that node 
vii- ///you have to design a class of queue using stacks, how will enqueue/push and dequeue/pop work?
viii- can I get target sum from an array, in O(n)? If yes, how?
ix- convert aabbbca to a2b3c1a1 in single loop
x- //you receive a link list and an integer n, you have to reverse list in chunks of n
	i.e. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 and n=3
	result => 3 2 1 6 5 4 7
xi- //suppose you have two arrays, find first same/equal integer in single loop
x-  //return 1 if user input 3, return 3 if user input 1 without using conditional statement


OOP
i- pillars of OOP
ii- how do you define Abstraction and encapsulation? with real life example
iii- what is copy const? why do we use & in copy ctr paremeters list?
iv- memory leakage vs dangling pointer
v- garbage collector
vi- do an inplace swap
vii- types of inheritence
viii- multiple inheritance is not supported by every language! why? diamond problem?
ix- why constructor?
x- static polymorphism and dynamic polymorphism (with overloading and overriding)


DB
i- draw association(ERD) between entities of given scenario
ii- bridge entity
iii- 4th max salary? why did you use distinct in query? any other way to find 4th max?
iv- why indexing? make an index? which column do you prefer for indexing?
v- join vs subquery
vi- Join query on 3 tables
vii- triggers, stored procedures, ACID properties with examples

Analytical
i- 25 horse problem
ii- 100 doors problem
iii- baqi analytical koi bhe poch lete hain

Other (mere se nahi poche baqion se poch rahe thy)
i- just explain some about BST and MVC (Not coding)
ii- About your FYP
iii- Draw schema from any of your resume's project
iv- GET, POST, DELETE, PUT

40 techical question 26 iq questions 24 EQ questions.
Questions i was asked in Devsinc's interview:

introduction:
- how are you?
- introduce yourself.

then he made three columns on a page with titles: OOP, DS, DB, AP (analytical problem solving,) and asked me to rate myself out of 10.


OOP:
- four pillars of OOP?
- difference between encapsulation and abstraction.
- types of inheritance.
- diamond problem.
- solution of diamond problem.
- polymorphism.
- difference between method overloading and method overriding.
- parameterized constructor.
- can we call a class's function without an instance of it?
- abstract class.
- static class.
- static methods.
- class methods.
- instance methods.

DS:
- difference between stack and queue.
- state the better one.
- types of data structures.
- difference between array and linked list.
- tradeoffs of array.
- tradeoffs of linked list.
- complexity of a binary tree.
- sort negative numbers on one side of a linked list and the others on the other side with the time-complexity of o O(n).
- find mode (most repeated number) from an unsorted linked list with the time complexity of O(n).

DB:
- what is a db?
- he drew a table and encircled the titles of the columns and asked what it is? (attributes)
- then he encircled an entire column and asked what is it? (a column)
- primary key.
- secondary key.
- foreign key.
- composite key.
- where goes a primary key when there is a many-to-many relationship.
- indexes.
- transaction.
- ACID properties.
- mutex lock
- write a query for employees who's name starts with A and have highest salary.
- write a query for the third employee from the employees who's name starts with A and have highest salary.


AP:
- there are 9 snooker balls, each of the same size and the same weight except for the one, it's heavier than others. you have a sea-saw to weigh them.
 tell the minimum number of times you'd use the sea-saw to find the heavier one. also explain your logic.

- there is square pool. each of its corners has a tree in it. you have to double the area of the pool without cutting the trees, getting them in the pool,
 and changing the place and the shape of the pool. (pool should always be a square)

- there is a point A. there are 3k bananas and a camel that can carry 1k bananas at a time. there is a distance of 1k kilometers from point A to point B. 
the camel eats a banana after traveling a kilometer. design a way in which the maximum number of bananas can be delivered at point B.


Further Some : 

- Difference between Polymorphism and encapsulation
- Difference between abstract class and interface
- Difference between shallow copy and deep copy
- Difference between assignment operator and copy constructor
- Key difference between inheritance and associations with examples
- Types of polymorphism
- Find 3rd highest salary from employees table
- Function jis mein 100 de to 101 aa jay. 101 aay to 100 aa jaay
- Unsorted array mein se most repeating value aur usky index print kraany.

 - Customer aur product ka many to many ka relationship hai. Phly schema bnana hai aur primary aur foreign keys btaani hain k kia bneingi
Then query likhni hai k wo saary customers aa jain jinkin2 ya 2 se ziaada products hain


Etc. These are the questions they asked me or some people. I provided that just so u people can get idea from That ky Devsinc kis type ky Questions zayda 
pochta hai mostly.
Other mostly asked Questions:
1. string to camel case
2. 2nd highest number in array (two loops) (n2) (single loop)
3. Code to count the number of occurrence of each digit in array.
4. Code to check either number is even or odd without using conditional statement or print 7 if user input 8 and print 8 when user input 7 without using conditional statement.
5. Code to find the first missing number in a array. like {-1,-3,0,1,4,6} => Output : 2
5. Some usage and applications kind of question of all 4 pillars./ some basic concepts.
6. How to create an Object of class when Constructor is private?
7. Why we use Views?
8. Why sometimes developers need to de-normalize database after Normalization.
9. Ek array mai se integers k pairs return krne jinka sum x k equal ho
10. BST ... traversing and distance finding between two nodes...
11. Find the sub array from an integer array whose sum=6
12. Pop the node from linked list which is equal to given node without knowing the head node
13. Validate the bracket from an expression... Like (a+b) is valid, (a+b)) is invalid
14. Bring the all the 0's from an array to left side of array
15. What's Polymorphism? What's Function overload overriding?
16. Acid properties
17. Palindrom linklist
18. Reverse the link list
19. Middle link list
20. Abstraction vs encapsulate
21. composition
22. aggregation
23. stack using queue
24. non repeating character in string
25. queue to stack
26. triggers
27. Linked list me se duplicates remove krne
28. Array reverse krni is trah
29. Agr input ye ho 1,2,3,4,5,6 To agr "k" 3 hai to output ye hogi 3,2,1,6,5,4
30. Max subarray problem
31. Ek circular linked list ki problem thi
32. Ek me zeros shift krne the
33. linked list ka middle find krna https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/write-a-c-function-to-print-the-middle-of-the-linked-list/
  
